Add manual page for Reloop Digital Jockey 2 IE (#468)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/reloop_digital_jockey_2_interface_edition.rst

.. _reloop_digital_jockey_2_interface_edition:

Reloop Digital Jockey 2 Interface Edition
=========================================

> The *Reloop Digital Jockey 2 Interface Edition* is a 2 deck USB MIDI controller designed to work with Traktor software. Compared to *Controller Edition* the *Interface Edition* is additionally equipped with a high quality 4-channel USB audio interface and touch-sensitive jog wheels. The microphone input is available to the computer for recording and broadcasting. The controller can be powered only from the USB bus, however the included external power supply can serve as the power source too. Using a separate power supply has no impact on the output level or LED brightness.

Reviewer: Is it the Line/Phono input or the Mic input which can be routed to the software?
The SW / MASTER switch is next to the Line...
I think this is worth mentioning in the Hardware paragraph.

Author: There is no SW/MASTER switch in "Interface Edition". You are talking about "Master Edition" which is a third variant of this controller.
On this controller there is no control over routing.

Reviewer: Hmm,.okay then. I saw [this image](https://www.reloop.com/media/catalog/product/cache/9/image/768x768/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/2/2/4/224092_Reloop_BA.png) on the official Reloop site, guess they mixed it up with the ME then

Author: Yeah, this is strange. At this position I have MIDI SWITCH (M1/M2).

Compatibility
-------------

The mapping for *Reloop Digital Jockey 2 Interface Edition* has originally been developed under Debian 8 Jessie with *Mixxx v2.1*. Lately the mapping has been moved to *Mixxx v2.3* and tested under Kubuntu 20.04. No special device drivers are required for GNU/Linux systems.

Windows build has not been tested.

Mixxx Sound Hardware Preferences
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. table::
    :widths: 100 100

    ========================  =======================
    Output                    Channels
    ========================  =======================
    :guilabel:`Master`        Channel 1 - 2
    :guilabel:`Headphones`    Channel 3 - 4
    ========================  =======================

Mapping
-------

The mapping is straightforward and follows the layout of the controller. The deviations are documented below.

Decks
~~~~~

Although the mapping provided to Traktor users by the manufacturer has a feature of extending the controller to handle 4 decks using a :hwlabel:`SHIFT` button, this particular mapping handles the basic 2 decks setup. :hwlabel:`SHIFT` button has been mapped, however it handles the rest of the functionality.

> 

Reviewer: Irrelevant, can be removed. The introduction already says this is a 2-deck controller.

Author: The introduction describes hardware characteristics as there are 2 physical decks.
I think it is relevant to mention this, as Traktor mapping extends it to 4 decks. This can dispel user confusion when switching from Traktor to Mixxx.

Reviewer: Traktor **Pro** 2:
> Reloop Digital Jockey Overlay:
Traktor Pro 2 overlay for Digital Jockey
Incl. new 4-deck assignment
Support for sample deck control
Fits all Digital Jockey gnerations
Made of sturdy PP foil

It is sufficient to say it can handle 2 decks in Mixxx.
The rest is irrelevant and potentially confusing, even more so the detailed description how it is handled in Traktor. Less is more. Consider that documentation is not translated and it should be "to the point" for users not speaking english.

Author: Fixed.

Jog Wheels
^^^^^^^^^^

Jog modes work as described in the following table:

.. table::
    :widths: 70

    ================== =============
    Jog mode           Description
    ================== =============

>     *Pitch bending*    By default the jogs work in this mode. In contrast to the manufacturer mapping, you do not have to press :hwlabel:`SEARCH` and :hwlabel:`SCRATCH` buttons to enable this mode. This is more convenient.
>     *Scratch*          The mode is enabled by pressing :hwlabel:`SCRATCH`
>     *Search*           The mode is enabled by pressing :hwlabel:`SEARCH`
>     *Library search*   This is an **extra mode** that has been introduced by this mapping. This mode is enabled by pressing **any of the two** :hwlabel:`SHIFT` buttons and is indicated by flashing all jog wheel mode LEDs. While in this mode, turn **any** jog to browse the library. This is also an enhancement to the manufacturer's mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Pitch bending*    Turn the wheel to temporarily increase or decrease the speed. This is the default mode while :hwlabel:`SEARCH` and :hwlabel:`SCRATCH` buttons are disabled.
    *Scratch*          Touch the top of the wheel and turn to scratch. This mode is enabled by pressing :hwlabel:`SCRATCH`
    *Search*           Turn the wheel to quickly move through the track. This mode is enabled by pressing :hwlabel:`SEARCH`
    *Library search*   Turn the wheel to quickly browse the tracks table. This **extra mode** is enabled by pressing **any of the two** :hwlabel:`SHIFT` buttons and is indicated by flashing all jog wheel mode LEDs.
```

Author: You are right, I will add fx mode. Thanks! :)
